A client of [[insert company name here]] is opening a movie theater. We need you to build a Rails app so they can start selling tickets online.
Customers should be able to come to the site and see all movies playing with their showtimes. Seating is limited for each theater so a particular showtime should only have a limited number of seats. Once a show sells out, a customer should no longer be able to buy tickets. Customers can buy more than one ticket at a time but only for one show at a time (so don't worry about a shopping cart for this version).
When customers decide to buy their ticket, they should be able to checkout by entering their name, email, credit card, and expiration date. We want to make sure we don't get any bogus orders, so please keep an eye out for any validations and make sure the user knows if there's a problem with the order. We'll add a credit card processor later on, so you DON’T need to integrate with a credit card processor. Once the customer purchases their tickets, they should receive an email receipt (no email styling needed) of their order and dollar total.
For this build, the theater owner does not need a way to manage the movies playing and seating capacities. Instead, you can seed the database with a simple rake task.
The theater owner does want to keep track of her sales, so the order information should be saved to the database. She wants to see a list of all orders and a list of orders for each movie. Also, seeing a simple dashboard report of most popular movies, most popular times of the day, total revenue, revenue by day of week would be very helpful. We don't need any admin authentication on the app for now.
We're not worried about custom visual design, so feel free to use any CSS framework, or roll your own. However, we need the site to work on mobile, so keep that in mind.
There are many ways to code this challenge, so we'd like to see your thought processes in the app's Readme file.
Please submit your challenge application within 7 days (feel free to use generators and gems to help you build quickly). You can submit the challenge by pushing your code to GitHub and deploying the app to Heroku and emailing me your GitHub and Heroku links.

Ticket
  movie_id
  order_id
  price

User
  has_many: orders
  name
  email

Order
  belongs_to :user
  has_many :tickets
  
  user_id
  credit_card
  expiration_date

Cinema
  has_many: movies

Movie
  belongs_to :cinema
  has_many :tickets

  cinema_id
  name
  showtime
  duration
  seats



